[16.0][ADD] account_move_order_partner (#2071)
OCA/account-invoicing: account_move_sale_partner/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

This module adds the sale_partner_id field to invoices and displays it in the invoice

> report. It assumes that each invoice is linked to a single sale partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a Sale Partner (`sale_partner_id`) to invoices and prints it on the report. If multiple partners are involved, the sale partner defaults to the invoice partner (`partner_id`).
```
